Update quickstart to include dashboards (#6004)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _dashboards/discover/index-discover.md

## Saving a search

To save your search, including the query text, filters, and current data view, follow these steps:  

1. Select **Save** on the upper-right toolbar. 
2. Add a title, and then choose **Save**. 
3. Select **Open** on the upper-right toolbar to access your saved searches. 

## Visualizing data findings

To visualize your data findings, follow these steps:

1. Select the {::nomarkdown}<img src="{{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/icons/inspect-icon.png" class="inline-icon" alt="inspect icon"/>{:/} icon to the right of the field you want to visualize. 

   The resulting view is shown in the following image.
   
   <img src="{{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/dashboards/visualize-discover.png" alt="Visualize data findings interface" width="700"/>

2. Select the **Visualize** button. When the **Visualize** application is launched, a visualization appears. 

   The resulting view is shown in the following image.

   <img src="{{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/dashboards/visualization-flight.png" alt="Data visualization of flight sample data field destination" width="700"/>

## Setting alerts

> Set alerts to notify you when your data changes beyond the thresholds you define. Go to [Alerting dashboards and visualizations]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/observing-your-data/alerting/dashboards-alerting/) to learn about creating and managing alerts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set alerts to notify you when your data exceeds your specified thresholds. Go to [Alerting dashboards and visualizations]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/observing-your-data/alerting/dashboards-alerting/) to learn about creating and managing alerts.
```

> Set alerts to notify you when your data changes beyond the thresholds you define. Go to [Alerting dashboards and visualizations]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/observing-your-data/alerting/dashboards-alerting/) to learn about creating and managing alerts.

Author: I prefer the more direct wording "Set..."
